EE2405 Embedded System Laboratory Exam #1
###########################################
:Date:    2022-04-13 15:30
:Tags:    Exams
:Summary: Exam #1
:Status: Draft

.. sectnum::
    :depth: 2

.. include:: ../LARC_def.txt

.. role:: raw-latex(raw)
            :format: latex html

.. raw:: html

          <script id="MathJax-script" async
                  src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/mathjax@3/es5/tex-mml-chtml.js">
          </script> 


.. contents::

****
Rule
****

#. Any communication with others is strictly prohibited.

#. Please commit your changes every time you compile your code. This is the record of your programming.

#. If you cannot connect to internet with your own notebook, please use a USB
   stick to transfer your exam data to a desktop PC and submit your results.

**********
Submission
**********

* Due time: 17:30, April 13, 2022

* Demo time: 17:30 - 18:20, April 13, 2022

* Submit your the following information to EEClass

  #. URL of your GitHub remote repo "Exam1"

  #. A ZIP file of the following items:

     Please also put all files in your GitHub repo.

     #. All mbed and PC Python source codes organized by problem numbers: prob1, prob1_1, etc.
     #. A Readme file in your git repo to explain briefly how to setup and run your program 
     #. Screenshots or photos of results 

*********************
Equipment List
*********************

#. PC or notebook 
#. A USB Stick to transfer codes and backup data (Recommended but optional)
#. B_L4S5I_IOT01A
#. Bread board
#. Buttons * 3 (Please keep the same connection as HW2)
#. Picoscope
#. I2C TextLCD
#. uLCD display
#. Wires 

*********
Questions
*********

Thread

#. (25 points) Please use uLCD and User button to make a stop watch.

   - Push User button once to start counting time from 0s at the resolution of 0.01s.

   - Push User button again will stop the counting.

   - Please use interrupt in Mbed.

#. (25 points) Please use DAC to generate a :raw-latex:`\(tanh(t)\)`-based waveform. For each period,
   the first half of the waveform = :raw-latex:`\(3.0*tanh(t)\)`, and the second half of the waveform 
   = :raw-latex:`\(3.0*(1-tanh(t))\)`. The frequency is 10Hz. 

   - Please verify with Picoscope

#. (25 points) Please use Picoscope to decode I2C signals when using the textLCD I2C library in 4.4 of 
   `mbed Lab 7 Serial Communication <{filename}/labs/Serial_Communication.rst>`__

#. (25 points) Please use the accelerometer on B_L4S5I_IOT01A to measure the tilted angle of the board.

   - Please send the tilted angle to PC every 0.1s
   
   - Please draw the titled angles vs. time with Matplotlib in Python
